Opfibrations (#179)
plt-amy/1lab: src/Cat/Displayed/Instances/Family.lagda.md

  iscart .has-lift {x = x} {y} f y′ .cartesian = cart {x = x} {y} f y′
```

Morphisms in the family fibration are cartesian if and only if they are

> point-wise isomorphisms. Showing the forward direction is a matter of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pointwise isomorphisms. Showing the forward direction is a matter of
```
